docs: document many "external" services (#5685)
mochajs/mocha: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Join us in [our Discord](https://discord.gg/KeDn2uXhER)!

## 🌐 External Services

Mocha uses several external services for project infrastructure:

- **[Codecov](https://app.codecov.io/gh/mochajs/mocha)**: Code coverage tracking. PRs must not decrease coverage. Contributors should add the Codecov GitHub app to upload coverage from forks.

- **[Discord](https://discord.gg/KeDn2uXhER)**: Official community chat for support, discussions, and connecting with maintainers and users.

- **[EasyCLA](https://cla.js.foundation/mochajs/mocha)**: Contributor License Agreement system via Linux Foundation. All code contributions require a signed CLA. A bot prompts contributors on their first PR.

- **Netlify**: Hosts the documentation website at mochajs.org. Provides automatic deploy previews for documentation PRs and nightly scheduled deploys to update supporter information.

- **[npm Registry](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mocha)**: Package distribution. Publishing is automated with OIDC authentication.

> - **[Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/mochajs)**: Mocha's funding collective hosted by Open Source Collective. All donations and expenses are publicly visible. Follows fund usage guidelines with rates: $75/hour for TSC members, $50/hour for contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/mochajs)**: Transparent donations to Mocha and expenses from maintainers.
```
